hi everyone it's james from fun foods and
today I will show you how to make these
cheese triangles covered with bits of
doritos both Cool Ranch and nacho cheese
so keep watching and I'll show you
step-by-step how to make these well
before i get to making this recipe i
just want to congratulate the giveaway
winner precious love
who won this week's $25 amazon gift card
and all she did was share last week's
video and comment back
tell me where she shared it and she will
subscribe to my channel so if you want
to win there's one more week left in the
competition on this video so now right
to the recipe start with blocks of
cheese I'm using both mild cheddar and
mozzarella cheese and take them and cut
them into small triangles now load about
two cups of the Doritos into the food
processor or blender and blend them
until they're about the size of bread
crumbs
when they're done they should look
something like this
next add about fourth cup plain bread
crumbs to the process Doritos and mix
well if you want yours to be spicy just
add some cayenne to make sure about a
teaspoon will do risk three large eggs
in a bowl
fill a container or bowl with one and a
half cups of all-purpose flour
dip each piece of cheese into a beaten
egg mixture then tap off the excess then
dip it into the flour and coat it
completely
now that the back into the eggs
then press firmly into the dorito
mixture be sure to cover the cheese
completely on all sides
place the cheese on parchment paper and
then put in the refrigerator for 30 to
60 minutes after the cheese has come out
a refrigerator place them in the deep
fryer two at a time for about two to
three minutes depending on their size
you'll know when they're done when they
float to the top and some of the cheese
will start to escape
remove them from the grease and drain on
the paper towel
be sure to enjoy the gooey goodness
shortly after removing from the grease
well thanks everyone for watching to see
how to make these doritos cheese sticks
if you enjoyed this video please hit
that like button below also if you
haven't subscribed yet hit subscribe and
you'll see new videos every Sunday at
2pm i'll put some videos off to the side
and put last week's video and another
video I think you may enjoy
so please feel free to click on those
and check those out and if you want to
get in that competition last week is
this week on this video so all you have
to do is share this on a social media
site
comment below tell me where you shared
it and be subscribe this channel and
you'll be entered you have until 6pm
next Saturday night
so good luck and see you guys next
Sunday